Update README for distribution level BWC tests (#3645)
opensearch-project/opensearch-build: src/test_workflow/README.md

opensearch-dashboards=https://ci.opensearch.org/ci/dbc/distribution-build-opensearch-dashboards/1.3.5/4056/linux/x64/tar
```

#### BWC tests on distribution bundle level

> The BWC tests running on distribution level are using the same framework from OpenSearch. The test cluster is spin up with the `latest` distribution bundle of provided version exclusively when the project is initialized with property `-PcustomDistributionDownloadType=bundle`.

Reviewer: Should this be when gradle task is run with `customDistributionDownloadType` property?

Author: @gaiksaya Yes you are right. I think in our repo, I locked the BWC tests to only run on distribution level [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/edffab782abf96390b3993ccc92425c63ab77884/scripts/default/bwctest.sh#L38). So basically I was thinking this part of doc for informative purpose. Do you think it's necessary to have it anyway? I have the same block in `opensearch-plugins` repo.

Reviewer: Maybe attach the mentioned script then if anyone wants to reproduce.

Author: Just updated. Please help take a look again. Thanks.

> The distribution bundle will be obtained with this format URL: `https://ci.opensearch.org/ci/dbc/distribution-build-opensearch/1.3.2/latest/linux/x64/tar/dist/opensearch/opensearch-1.3.2-linux-x64.tar.gz`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The distribution bundle (for example tarball) will be obtained with this sample URL: `https://ci.opensearch.org/ci/dbc/distribution-build-opensearch/1.3.2/latest/linux/x64/tar/dist/opensearch/opensearch-1.3.2-linux-x64.tar.gz`
```

Author: @gaiksaya Thanks for review. However, I think our BWC distribution test are hardcoded right now to only support tarball distribution because of the framework we used from the OpenSearch repo.

Reviewer: I see! Maybe then just say:
```
Example distribution bundle URL: https://ci.opensearch.org/ci/dbc/distribution-build-opensearch/1.3.2/latest/linux/x64/tar/dist/opensearch/opensearch-1.3.2-linux-x64.tar.gz
```

> This URL pattern starts to be supported as far as `v1.3.2` so The distribution bundle set up in the test cluster can be all versions after version `v1.3.2`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature for BWC testing is supported for distribution versions starting 1.3.2
```

Author: Updated.
